docs: refresh Public Interface & align how-to guides for Airflow 3.0+ (#52297)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/core-concepts/xcoms.rst

An XCom is identified by a ``key`` (essentially its name), as well as the ``task_id`` and ``dag_id`` it came from. They can have any serializable value (including objects that are decorated with ``@dataclass`` or ``@attr.define``, see :ref:`TaskFlow arguments <concepts:arbitrary-arguments>`:), but they are only designed for small amounts of data; do not use them to pass around large values, like dataframes.

XCom operations should be performed through the Task Context using

> :func:`~airflow.sdk.get_current_context`. Direct database access is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XCom operations should be performed through the Task Context using
:func:`~airflow.sdk.get_current_context`. Directly updating using XCom database model is not possible.
```

        # Pulling entire xcom data from push_multiple task
        data = context["ti"].xcom_pull(task_ids="push_multiple", key="return_value")

You can also use the Task Context directly for XCom operations:

.. code-block:: python

    from airflow.sdk import get_current_context

    @task
    def example_task():
        context = get_current_context()
        ti = context["ti"]

        # Push XCom
        ti.xcom_push(key="my_key", value="my_value")

        # Pull XCom
        value = ti.xcom_pull(task_ids="previous_task", key="my_key")

>         return value

Reviewer: Is this needed? Everything below: https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/52297/files#diff-1db2e4edbed2b0e544d8fdde02d0d3628041ec0c4855fec83930ffcac1da60efR31 only discusses that

Reviewer 2: Its also slightly odd to push a value and return the same value

Author: I have removed it

The XCom system has interchangeable backends, and you can set which backend is being used via the ``xcom_backend`` configuration option.

If you want to implement your own backend, you should subclass :class:`~airflow.sdk.bases.xcom.BaseXCom`, and override the ``serialize_value`` and ``deserialize_value`` methods.

> The base class for custom XCom backends is now :class:`~airflow.sdk.execution_time.xcom.XCom`

Reviewer: This isn't right. Its `BaseXCom`

Either ways, why is this sentence needed?

Author: You are right. I removed this sentence.

> If you want to implement your own backend, you should subclass :class:`~airflow.models.xcom.BaseXCom`, and override the ``serialize_value`` and ``deserialize_value`` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to implement your own backend, you should subclass :class:`~airflow.sdk.bases.xcom.BaseXCom`, and override the ``serialize_value`` and ``deserialize_value`` methods.
```

The XCom system has interchangeable backends, and you can set which backend is being used via the ``xcom_backend`` configuration option.

> If you want to implement your own backend, you should subclass :class:`~airflow.sdk.execution_time.xcom.XCom`, and override the ``serialize_value`` and ``deserialize_value`` methods.

Reviewer: No, we should subclass `~airflow.models.xcom.BaseXCom` itself, this is confusing.

Author: Okay keeping `~airflow.models.xcom.BaseXCom`
